Joe Mathlete Explains Today’s Marmaduke
Published on September 25, 2006.
Every once in a while, a blog comes along that changes the course of human history.
That blog is Joe Mathlete Explains Today’s Marmaduke .
In it, Joe Mathlete (is he some kind of math athelete?) explains today’s Marmaduke.
Apparently Marmaduke is a fairly unfunny one panel comic.
Think Garfield or Family Circus, but perhaps even less funny.
Joe Mathlete explains what is happening in the comic, and usually ends up being multitudes of infinity funnier than the actual comic.
Unfortunately, Joe hotlinks to some kind of comic repository for the images, and the older ones are missing actual comic.
I may have to add this blog to my RSS feed.